this is bear son it was the home of your
grandparents and their grandparents
before them but out there beyond the age
of the water-wise the home of the
Dragons and I believe this your destiny
to one day find this hidden world
you do know my leg isn't a chew toy
don't you is this what you want yeah
okay
how am I supposed to get down hey buddy
wait up he's not the only one
[Music]
another Night Fury girl weeks it's more
like a right Night Fury
yeah yours is better probably there is
an armada with enough cages for all of
our dragon vein
this is a new kind of enemy we need to
find the hidden world I wouldn't destroy
everything you realize
you're nothing without your dragon
if criminal succeeds there won't be any
dragons left and it's up to us to put an
end to it so what are you gonna do about
it
suit up gang we have one shot you taught
a baby to a battle couldn't find a
sitter
I hid it in morals every touch the key
right but it's sad
well what Kunis not a word
[Music]